{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18720\viewh22060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Liam Chan\
Identity, Values and Strengths Activity:\
1.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Using the evidence gathered, describe your core personal values.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Explain a situation where you have had an ethical decision to make. Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made and the consequences of the action you took:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Yesterday, I noticed that there was an ice-cream truck in my neighbourhood, I haven\'92t seen one since my early childhood and thought that it would be a great opportunity to treat myself and my family and to help out their business as there were no customers.\
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 I have three different connections with three different cultures; Kiwi, Japanese and Chinese, so I struggle to identify myself most times. Although I am influenced by my Japanese Culture and admire their values in life, the decisions I make and act are heavily influenced by the Kiwi culture as I am born and raised in New Zealand.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Using the evidence gathered, describe your strengths and limitations.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 I believe myself to be very mindful and respectful of person as I\'92ve been heavily influenced by the Japanese culture. For instance, In Japan there is an unspoken rule about escalators. That unspoken rule is that people who are not in a rush are to stay on one specific side of the escalator so that the people who are in a rush are able to hurry through without any complications. This gives me the sense of being mindful of others as I wouldn\'92t mind looking around to make sure I\'92m not in anyone\'92s way. \
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Evaluate your strengths and limitations in terms of your learning and career development:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Strengths:\
 Organised - I like to be in an organised environment if I was to be working on something from jobs to studies\
 Hard working (Japanese Culture) - I have no problem focusing on one thing\
 Time management - Thanks to toggle it has helped me more to be self-aware of my time\
 Little to no rests - I would rather get as much as I can done, before taking any breaks\
\
Limitations:\
 Hesitant to new things - I have to be sure with what I am getting myself into\
 Overlay careful with mistakes - Which leaves no room for learning\
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Identify which of your strengths might help you in your learning journey and how they might intersect with learning obstacles:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  Hard working (Japanese Culture)\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 -\
I can be determined to find solutions in obstacles that I may come up against\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2  Little to no rests -\
I won\'92t feel satisfied, unless I figure out what my problem is. Otherwise I feel that I can\'92t treat myself to breaks\
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Share an example from your experience of where you were trying to work productively with others, but there was resistance or tension. Discuss the strategies you used at that time, how effective they were, and your reflections on what other strategies you would try now, and why:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 I used to work at a retail store and two of my colleagues are known to get upset with the littlest inconvenience with customer encounters. For instance, a customer would be polite the whole encounter but if they forget to say \'93thank you\'94 it gets to their head and they would say some snarky comment under their breathe which is even more pointless and it would ruin the rest of their shift. When this happens I usually distance myself from them, tell them to go take a break in the staff room or try to make their job more convenient. Like grabbing a paper bag for them in advance if they happen to be serving a customer with a lot of items.}